Rework VaRA-TS buildsetup infrastructure (#235)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/vara-ts-api/tools/research_tools.rst

Research Tools
==============

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: List of provided research tools:

   research_tools/vara

Research Tool API
-----------------
VaRA-TS offers an abstraction to implement research tools that makes it easy to add a new tool and automatically deploy it, and it's experiments, via the tool suite.

> To add a new research tool one has to implement to classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new research tool one has to implement two classes.
```

The research tool it self must inherit from ``ResearchTool`` and implement the specified abstract methods to setup, upgrade, build, and install the research tool.
In addition, one needs to implement a ``CodeBase`` to specify the repository layout of the research tools code.

> The ``CodeBase`` makes it convenient to interact with the, possible multiple, repository of a research tool to setup and manage the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``CodeBase`` makes it convenient to interact with the repository (or repositories) of a research tool to setup and manage the code.
```

> Furthmore, the tool suite provides different helper function an services that depend on the ``CodeBase`` abstraction, e.g., :ref:`vara-develop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthmore, the tool suite provides different helper functions and services that depend on the ``CodeBase`` abstraction, e.g., :ref:`vara-develop`.
```
